[Music]
Norwegian designer Espen thora has been
very busy in recent years his latest
work is this very ingenious take on the
family pilot the position of the pilot
house Kapoor and a long way forward
generates a big starboard walkway and
also a very large cockpit which is well
used with folding bench seats and also
with storage lockers in the corners for
your lines and defenders but what's
really impressive are the elevated
moldings around the outboard which help
deflect noise and fumes and also create
a work surface that would otherwise be
dead space that stubby bowel might be
quite small but it's far from redundant
it's easily accessed via that starboard
walkway with the roof rack as a grab
rail there's a good Scandinavian style
step-through bow they were cutouts in
the cushion via beers and there's also a
short and poor trail so you can make
your way back down that narrower port
side in the pilothouse itself to get for
forward-facing seats and galley
equipment beneath the aft seats and a
bed that extends out from under the
foredeck to two metres in length
what's really surprising given the
pedestrian looks of this thing is the
performance because with a 200
horsepower outboard you can expect 40
knots in a two second plane I mean it's
not just a family workhorse it's an
entertaining drivers boat in its own
right
[Music]